what's going on folks it's Nike and
welcome to an all-new madden 15 career
mode episode but before we hop into
tonight's very first game feature and
Brian Walker the Texans Ranger I decided
to go into the game prep menu turn a few
more XP points and to also get to know
my teammates a little bit better out
there on the field so as you can see we
are running some of the plays that are
going to work out nicely against the
Blitz right there I did get knocked down
I wasn't fast enough and that was
something that I mentioned in my
previous episode I still have to work on
the timing this game still feels a
little bit fast for me and hopefully
with a lot more practice things are
going to slow down a little bit and then
we are going to be beastin just like in
that play right here getting those
touchdowns and as you can see we
completed that beautiful drill but now
comes the question or area where I need
your help with do you think it is better
to spend my XP points on abilities or
traipse let me know in the comments
below because at this point I'm a little
bit clueless and I'm not sure what to do
moving forward and what the best way is
to improve my quarterback and I hope
that all of you can help me out in the
comments below
but let's hop into this game against
Arizona Cardinals
[Music]
here we go people here we go the very
first game featuring Brian Walker the
Texans Ranger but of course as you all
know we are not the starting quarterback
we are not the second option quarterback
we are basically the third option and
that means we are starting things off on
the side of the field simulating the
game until it is our turn and as you can
see the Arizona Cardinals are currently
up seven points to six in the second
quarter third and six and we actually
have a chance to take a field goal I
believe or we can do a fake Pat and go
for a two-point play and that is exactly
what I'm doing we are going with the
fake Pat pass option and hopefully on
our very first time out here on the
field we can actually get it done and
there we go people we managed to
complete the two-point play I wish it
were a touchdown that feeling we still
gotta wait for that but given the fact
that this is the first time we're out
there on the field the start of our
career that wasn't too bad people it
certainly wasn't but simulating further
against these Arizona Cardinals you can
now see that the Houston Texans are
starting to struggle and as I'm going
out there back on the field I got two
options to fake a field goal or take the
field goal and in this case I believe I
made a huge mistake we are around 40
yards away from the end zone and going
for it wasn't the right position but I
guess I saw that we were down by 19
points and I just wanted to go for it
trying to get us back into this game
but that being said that probably wasn't
the best decision we should have taken a
field goal and I guess that was the
first major mistake that I made starting
off this career but let me know in the
comments below if it was a mistake in
fact because as you all know I'm not
sure 100% but once again we are going
back out there on the field currently
down by 13 and once again I am NOT going
to go with the field goal I want to take
that two-point play once again
and we are actually running the very
same play that we ran at the beginning
of this game two for two on two-point
conversions that is beast folks but as
you all know we want to go out there and
actually get some touchdowns I don't
want to be on the special teams I want
to be prime time people yes
mr. Brian Walker the Texans Ranger wants
to get that starting spot we want to be
the number one quarterback option and
right there our coach he definitely
looks pissed off about the fact that we
lost tonight's game but I guess there's
still a lot more that we have to do and
a few more drills that we have to go
through before our team chemistry is
actually right and before we can
actually get some wins but I'm certainly
happy about the fact that I made four
GMC you've never say never moment of the
game and that is definitely a great
start to this series stay classy folks
cheers Mikey